Update cgroups information for v2 support (#19)
sylabs/singularity-admindocs: security.rst

Security in {Singularity} Containers
************************************

> Containers are all the rage today for many good reasons. They are light weight, easy to spin-up and require reduced IT management resources as compared to hardware VM environments. More importantly, container technology facilitates advanced research computing by granting the ability to package software in highly portable and reproducible environments encapsulating all dependencies, including the operating system. But there are still some challenges to container security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers are all the rage today for many good reasons. They are lightweight, easy to spin-up and require reduced IT management resources as compared to hardware VM environments. More importantly, container technology facilitates advanced research computing by granting the ability to package software in highly portable and reproducible environments encapsulating all dependencies, including the operating system. But there are still some challenges to container security.
```

I hope I'm not nitpicking here.

Author: I didn't write this stuff in this PR - it appears to have come in due to the editor removing trailing whitespace. Agree with the changes though.. will add them.

core missions of containers : Mobility of Compute, Reproducibility, HPC support, and **Security**. This document intends to inform
admins of different security features supported by {Singularity}.

{Singularity} Runtime
#####################

The {Singularity} runtime enforces a unique security model that makes it appropriate for *untrusted users* to run *untrusted containers*
safely on multi-tenant resources. Because the {Singularity} runtime dynamically writes UID and GID information to the appropriate files
within the container, the user remains the same *inside* and *outside* the container, i.e., if you're an unprivileged
user while entering the container, you'll remain an unprivileged user inside the container. A privilege separation model is in place
to prevent users from escalating privileges once they are inside of a container. The container file system is mounted using the
``nosuid`` option, and processes are spawned with the ``PR_NO_NEW_PRIVS`` flag. Taken together, this approach provides a secure way
for users to run containers and greatly simplifies things like reading and writing data to the host system with appropriate
ownership.

> It is also important to note that the philosophy of {Singularity} is *Integration* over *Isolation*. Most container run times strive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also important to note that the philosophy of {Singularity} is *Integration* over *Isolation*. Most container runtimes strive
```

Admin Configurable Files
#########################

{Singularity} Administrators have the ability to access various configuration files, that will let them set security
restrictions, grant or revoke a user’s capabilities, manage resources and authorize containers etc. One such file interesting in this context is `ecl.toml <https://sylabs.io/guides/\{adminversion\}/admin-guide/configfiles.html#ecl-toml>`_
which allows blacklisting and whitelisting of containers. You can find all the configuration files and their parameters
documented `here <https://sylabs.io/guides/\{adminversion\}/admin-guide/configfiles.html>`__.

cgroups support
****************

{Singularity} provides native support for ``cgroups``, allowing users to limit the resources their containers consume

> without the help of a separate program like a batch scheduling system. This feature helps in preventing  DoS attacks where one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without the help of a separate program like a batch scheduling system. This feature helps in preventing DoS attacks where one
```

Extraneous space.

container seizes control of all available system resources in order to stop other containers from operating properly.
To utilize this feature, a user first creates a configuration file. An example configuration file is installed by default with
{Singularity} to provide a guide. At runtime, the ``--apply-cgroups`` option is used to specify the location of the configuration
file and cgroups are configured accordingly. More about cgroups support `here <https://sylabs.io/guides/\{adminversion\}/admin-guide/configfiles.html#cgroups-toml>`__.

Applying cgroups resource limits on systems using the v2 unified hierarchy is supported under {Singularity} v3.9 and above.

``--security`` options
***********************

{Singularity} supports a number of methods for specifying the security scope and context when running {Singularity} containers.
Additionally, it supports new flags that can be passed to the action commands; ``shell``, ``exec``, and ``run`` allowing fine
grained control of security. Details about them are documented `here <https://sylabs.io/guides/\{userversion\}/user-guide/security_options.html>`__.

Security in SCS
###############

> `Singularity Container Services (SCS) <https://cloud.sylabs.io/home>`_ consist of a Remote Builder, a Container Library, and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Singularity Container Services (SCS) <https://cloud.sylabs.io>` consist of a Remote Builder, a Container Library, and a
```
